[$Version]
update_info=kwinrules.upd:replace-placement-string-to-enum,kwinrules.upd:use-virtual-desktop-ids

[088b0a8a-cf0e-4446-b0b5-8ffd06b6cac1]
Description=Application settings for noisetorch
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=noisetorch
wmclassmatch=1

[1]
Description=Application settings for noisetorch
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
opacityactive=81
wmclass=noisetorch
wmclassmatch=1

[10]
Description=Application settings for inkscape
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
opacityactive=81
wmclass=org.inkscape.inkscape inkscape
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[11]
Description=Application settings for merkuro.calendar
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
opacityactive=81
wmclass=merkuro-calendar merkuro.calendar
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[12]
Description=Application settings for code-oss
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
opacityactive=88
wmclass=code-oss
wmclassmatch=1

[13]
Description=Application settings for spotify
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
opacityactive=88
opacityactiverule=2
wmclass=spotify
wmclassmatch=1

[14]
Description=Application settings for mpv
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=gl mpv
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[15]
Description=Application settings for plasmashell
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=plasmashell
wmclassmatch=1

[16]
Description=Application settings for konsole
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=konsole
wmclassmatch=1

[17]
Description=Application settings for dolphin
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=dolphin
wmclassmatch=1

[18]
Description=Application settings for vlc
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=vlc
wmclassmatch=1

[19]
Description=Application settings for brave-browser
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=brave-browser
wmclassmatch=1

[2]
Description=Application settings for elisa
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
opacityactive=81
wmclass=elisa
wmclassmatch=1

[22a976bc-7aef-4a4b-a54f-97af7ca8396a]
Description=Application settings for code-oss
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=code-oss
wmclassmatch=1

[24817ceb-ae70-420c-b00a-6c44bd9184de]
Description=Application settings for merkuro.calendar
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=merkuro-calendar merkuro.calendar
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[3]
Description=Application settings for kate
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
opacityactive=81
wmclass=kate
wmclassmatch=1

[30770f8b-2d40-48d8-9d40-f35958fd9070]
Description=Application settings for konsole
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=konsole
wmclassmatch=1

[4]
Description=Application settings for libreoffice-calc
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
opacityactive=81
wmclass=libreoffice libreoffice-calc
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[5]
Description=Application settings for firedragon
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
opacityactive=81
wmclass=navigator firedragon
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[56b4bfad-43cd-498a-beca-987e7192afff]
Description=Application settings for elisa
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=elisa
wmclassmatch=1

[5e575af1-aab8-4d59-a569-eb0d597b1d61]
Description=Application settings for vlc
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=vlc
wmclassmatch=1

[6]
Description=Application settings for xdg-desktop-portal-kde
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
opacityactive=81
wmclass=xdg-desktop-portal-kde
wmclassmatch=1

[6252fad9-2277-4222-b0b3-5b64bcfc6ea6]
Description=Application settings for libreoffice-calc
clientmachine=localhost
noborderrule=2
wmclass=libreoffice libreoffice-calc
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[674f4600-f41c-4815-85c1-5184c9f0abcc]
Description=Application settings for inkscape
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=org.inkscape.inkscape inkscape
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[6ce333fa-81fd-459c-9b5c-4e46a10d6f87]
Description=Application settings for firedragon
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=navigator firedragon
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[7]
Description=Application settings for systemsettings
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
opacityactive=81
wmclass=systemsettings5 systemsettings
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[73c8e200-ede8-42d5-b3c5-a80c3f067fb9]
Description=Application settings for audacity
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=audacity
wmclassmatch=1

[7545a3a9-0367-4cc1-a184-efb07b70b3b1]
Description=Application settings for kate
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=kate
wmclassmatch=1

[8]
Description=Application settings for scrcpy
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
opacityactive=81
wmclass=scrcpy
wmclassmatch=1

[8dd29cda-3bdd-4793-be95-b927ac12e98a]
Description=Application settings for thorium-browser
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=thorium-browser
wmclassmatch=1

[9]
Description=Application settings for thorium-browser
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
opacityactive=81
wmclass=thorium-browser
wmclassmatch=1

[General]
count=19
rules=1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19

[addfd60f-5757-4c28-bc82-94c3c2197e1d]
Description=Application settings for spotify
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=spotify
wmclassmatch=1

[c996f3b2-6467-4029-a8ba-fe2d71d2c90a]
Description=Application settings for brave-browser
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=4
wmclass=brave-browser
wmclassmatch=1

[cba6af9e-65be-4620-bce8-0548c03a083d]
Description=Application settings for xdg-desktop-portal-kde
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=xdg-desktop-portal-kde
wmclassmatch=1

[cdc264e2-e97b-4632-a01b-80a601b6d2b4]
Description=Application settings for plasmashell
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=plasmashell
wmclassmatch=1

[e0027b79-c2ad-456a-ae41-97f0e7825d8f]
Description=Application settings for mpv
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=gl mpv
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[ebe66f03-cf22-4f33-a5e7-988714ee0eb0]
Description=Application settings for dolphin
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=dolphin
wmclassmatch=1

[ef8c4cac-c4ed-41c1-a07c-ee94872077ac]
Description=Application settings for scrcpy
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=scrcpy
wmclassmatch=1

[f8aa109f-9e31-415f-9f53-03fbcf4ef448]
Description=Application settings for systemsettings
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=3
wmclass=systemsettings5 systemsettings
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1
